AAP-13268-EDA updated eda controller user guide (#1495)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/eda/ref-performance-troubleshooting.adoc

[id="performance-troubleshooting"]

=  Performance Troubleshooting for {EDAcontroller}

[role="_abstract"]
Based on the default parameters within {EDAcontroller}, you might encounter scenarios that pose challenges to completing your workload. The following section provides descriptions of these scenarios and troubleshooting guidance.

* My activation status displays as “running”, but it is not processing the events.
** Ensure that you are using the correct event source in the rulebook activation. If the event you are expecting is coming from a source other than what is in the rulebook, {EDAcontroller} will not process the event.

* My activation status displays as “running”, and {EDAcontroller} is also receiving the events, but no actions are occuring.
** Ensure that you have set the correct conditions for matching the event and taking actions in the rulebook activation.

* My activation keeps restarting in an infinite loop.

> ** By default, the reset policy for rulebook activations is set to “on failure”. The restart policy can be changed by using the following procedure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** By default, the reset policy for rulebook activations is set to “on failure”. Change the restart policy using the following procedure:
```

> 
> ***Procedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: The asciidoc renders weird here. I think you can eliminate "procedure", as the preceding sentence introduces it.
